At this stage, I only focus on the social media platform in China, Sina Weibo, and describe it as a public spectacle to show what the public views as salient issues and show the extent to which the state media are responsive to the public agenda.


Here, I use daily trending searches on Weibo as a proxy of public agendas. Those hot searches give us a good dose of what topics are trending that people are discussing day by day. More critically, the hot searches are similar to news headlines that give valuable information about an event, more comprehensive than a standard hashtag. The list of hot searches automatically showcase on users’ surface, so even if readers do not have a specific interest in political events, they can still easily stay informed. If they are interested in a specific event, they can dig deeper by clicking on a hot search and reading the relevant tweets. This type of data allows us to observe swiftly changing temporal patterns in topic salience. 


Those hot searches give us a good sense of the topics to which people pay attention day by day. The timeframe is 54 days from November 8th to December 2019. Although the list of the top 50 trending searches has up-to-the-minute updates, the platform was only crawled twice per day, totaling 5,400 searches. 
Topics of celebrities, movies, shows and commercial advertisements were excluded. In fact, a majority of the trending searches are not relevant in this project: only 17.6% of them, 951 trending searches regarding political and social issues are kept under this study. 



I collect the Weibo posts within the same period from the state-run media, People’s Daily, to proxy policy agendas. I also exclude topics of pure entertainment and pop culture, keeping 454 posts for analysis. It posts on average 12 posts per day. The People’s Daily is a national newspaper and central party organ, generally perceived as the voice of the Communist Party. In China, it is safe to assume that the party elites use authoritative media to respond to public demands instead of using a personal Weibo account. The People’s Daily is generally perceived as an authoritative voice of the Communist Party. The People’s Daily is also influential: its posts have over a million readership daily on average and the potential of reaching millions of Weibo users. Therefore, this can be a tool for the incumbent leader to demonstrate responsiveness to the public.
